# main
What excites me about this position is tackling difficult, interesting
problems through a collaborative process.  As someone who is eager to
learn with and from others, tackling challenges through pair programming
is especially appealing. EB’s intentionality about optimizing the way
they work as a team by seeking appropriate platforms and open dialogue
assure me that the collaboration that takes place at EB is mindful and
productive. EB’s engineering attitude of constantly experimenting,
tweaking, and improving is awesome because 1) I care about what tools I
use and why and 2) I do the same thing (i.e. constantly tweaking and
trying new things. Since learning and growing are main personal goals of
mine, being with a company that seeks challenges, innovates, and
encourages failure as a means to advance sounds incredible. In my
current job, I have had lots to learn - first Java as our primary
backend language, then diving into technologies such as GraphQL and
Elasticsearch as we utilized them in our system. You specifically
mention highly concurrent and fault tolerant systems as of interest in
the position posting - this is especially exciting because these
qualities, and my interest in them, are a large part of my recent
exploration of Elixir (and the underlying design of Erlang). 

# second

While my skills and interests seem like a good match with your focus and
goals (Ruby, JS, SaaS, pair programming, etc.), what excites me most
about EB is the principles and values, and how they are lived out. It is
rare to find a company that is forthcoming and aware that the best work
comes from people who are whole and happy.  I personally switched career
paths because I found that software development would wake me up in the
morning and keep me up at night . At the same time, there are other
aspects of my life that I value and that bring me joy (I have a newborn
and 2 year old that also wake me up in the morning and keep me up at
night).  Working for a company that does not simply allow for
flexibility, but realizes that encouraging the pursuit of happiness is
what produces incredible work would be awesome.  The focus on joy and
growth as primary business goals is refreshing and awesome to see. It
reflects my own surprisingly well (check out the Mission section of
https://philshaughnes.github.io/ ).

# third

Thank you so much for your time! Please review my resume and feel free
to contact me with any questions or concerns. I wish you luck in finding
your perfect candidate, and I hope that turns out to be me!

Phil Shaughnessy

Use Ruby or Elixir to work on interesting problems under mentorship and
use mostly asynchronous communications other than pair programming. An
environment that is flexible where, when, and how you work in order to
produce greatness. Important that everyone can have access to have the
info they need to do their jobs, Basecamp. . 

While I believe my experience and software development goals are a great
match at Expected behavior, what gets me most excited is how you work,
the intentionality of why, as well as the vision and goals for how the
business is run and conducted.

# list
[second](#second)
- hello
- another
- [goup]()

